T22051 doc: add staging.md (#406)
kernelci/kernelci-core: doc/staging.md

[staging.kernelci.org](https://staging.kernelci.org).  This is where all the
changes to the code and configuration get tested before updating production.
It consists of Jenkins,
[`kernelci-backend`](https://github.com/kernelci/kernelci-backend) for the
Mongo DB and REST API, and
[`kernelci-frontend`](https://github.com/kernelci/kernelci-frontend) for the
web dashboard.

Jobs are run every 8h on staging, using all the code from pull requests.  It
will build a dedicated kernel branch based on
[linux-next](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/next/linux-next.git)
but with only a small number of configurations, and get some tests run in all
the labs.

### GitHub pull requests

A special feature of the staging instance is the ability to test code from
pending GitHub pull requests before they get merged.  This is handled by tools
in the [`kernelci-deploy`](https://github.com/kernelci/kernelci-deploy)
project, to pull all the open pull requests for a given project, apply some
arbitrary patches and push the resulting `staging.kernelci.org` branch back to
the repository.  This branch is being replaced (force-pushed) every time the
tool is run.

> Things to note:

Reviewer: Is it worth adding a note about the "staging-skip" label?

Author: Good point, I'll add that.  Thanks.

Author: Done, added a bullet point a bit further down.

Reviewer: LGTM

* Pull requests are only merged from users that are on a trusted list, stored
  in the `kernelci-deploy` configuration files.
* Pull requests are merged in order of their number, so older ones take
  precedence.
* Pull requests that fail to merge are ignored and will not be tested.

> * If any of the patches stored in `kernelci-deploy` doesn't apply, the

Reviewer: Perhaps...
```suggestion
* If any of the patches stored in `kernelci-deploy` do not apply, the
```
But I'm not an expert ;)

Author: Not 100% sure, but I believe it's singular as in "if any applies" -> "if any doesn't apply" -> "if any of them doesn't apply".

Author: Fixed using "if any patch", so it's all singular now :)

1. update the `kernelci-backend` service using Ansible from [`kernelci-backend-config`](https://github.com/kernelci/kernelci-backend-config) with the staging branch
1. update [staging branch for `kernelci-frontend`](https://github.com/kernelci/kernelci-frontend/tree/staging.kernelci.org)
1. update the `kernelci-frontend` service using Ansible from [`kernelci-frontend-config`](https://github.com/kernelci/kernelci-frontend-config) with the staging branch
1. create and push a `staging.kernelci.org` branch with a tag to the [kernelci Linux kernel repo](https://github.com/kernelci/linux)
1. trigger a monitor job in Jenkins with the [`kernelci_staging`](https://github.com/kernelci/kernelci-core/blob/staging.kernelci.org/build-configs.yaml#L612) config

The last step should cause the monitor job to detect that the staging kernel
branch has been updated, and run a kernel build trigger job which in turn will
cause tests to be run.  Builds and test results will be sent to the staging
backend instance, and results will be available on the staging web dashboard.
Regressions will cause bisections to be run on the staging instance, and

> results to be sent to the `kernelci-results-staging@groups.io` mailing list.

Reviewer: You could link the email address here to the groups.io page so people know where to sign up.

Author: Done.

Reviewer: LGTM
